docs: add release notes for v0.2.9 (#110)
paralus/website: docs/Release Notes/release-notes-2024.md

---
---

## v0.2.9

**June 14, 2024**

In our latest release, we've fixed the issue with project creation and updates when roles are specified, and added permissions for cli.config.read for non-admin users. We also cleaned up some unused code and introduced a new description field for project and cluster cards, making them more informative and user-friendly.

** Breaking changes **

> This relese introduces new permissions for users to download CLI configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces new permissions for non-admin users to download CLI configurations. Prior to Paralus v0.2.8, non-admin users were unable to download CLI configurations, apply below migrations if you are upgrading Paralus from a prior version
```
